(indie music starting)
♪ Off with your head ♪
♪ Dance til you're dead ♪
♪ Heads will roll ♪
♪ On the floor ♪
♪ Glitter on the wet streets ♪
♪ Silver over everything ♪
♪ The river's all wet ♪
♪ You're all chrome ♪
♪ Dripping with alchemy ♪
♪ Shiver stop shivering ♪
♪ The glitter's all wet ♪
♪ You're all chrome ♪
♪ The men cry out the girls cry out ♪
♪ The men cry out, oh no ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Off, off with your head ♪
♪ Dance, dance til you're dead ♪
♪ Dead ♪
♪ Heads will roll ♪
♪ On the floor ♪
♪ Looking glass ♪
♪ Take the past ♪
♪ Shut your eyes ♪
♪ Realize ♪
♪ Looking glass ♪
♪ Take the past ♪
♪ Shut your eyes ♪
♪ Realize ♪
(indie music continues)
♪ Glitter on the wet streets ♪
♪ Silver over everything ♪
♪ The glitters all wet ♪
♪ You're all chrome ♪
(indie music continues)
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Off, off, off with your head ♪
♪ Dance, dance dance til you're dead ♪
♪ Dance, dance, dance til you're dead ♪
♪ Off, off, off with your head ♪